The silence of the vice-colored butterfly makes you enough.
Even if Ye Huanshen loses his status
At least he dares to look at clouds and women again
What are you?
Talk about pugs
Who can be better than you?
Fu Hongyan, how can you speak?
This is obviously because you don't know how to get angry
My husband and I are standing up for the rich family
Father-in-law
Take a good look at your eye sockets and open them.
Who can make the rich more brilliant?
Put down the five-handed old way
Why did Elder Wu Wu come here?
This is my second hope
You close your legs for me
He won't let anyone down
The Ye family is very friendly with these powerful people
Then these Wuhan University elders must be
I only gave it because of Ye Shao's face
Make sense of it.
What's more, this Great Lower Saint suppressed Dragon Vein I
Minister Naiwu has seen it with his own eyes
Could this be?
Could it be something?
Could it be that the martial arts elders wanted to kill Ye Shao?
Introduce to the Holy Master of Great Xia
This is not even treated by the country master.
In this way
The Ye family can become the head of the ancient Japanese tribe
Dominate the top of the hero
That makes sense.
Ladies and gentlemen, I will live up to my trust
Strive for the favor of the winner
You want the favor of the Lord
Yes, my father ordered me to go south
You must cling to the Holy Lord. After all, it has been a thousand years.
Ten Thousand Years One Holy Lord
The Holy Lord is the clothes of my Great Xia to win the world
It's me who sees the Holy Master as an addition.
It's all because of Ye Shang.
Haha rely on him
Your father?
Received the Sutra of the Lord
It's all about a marriage
Here's a leaf poplar
What else is it?
get out of the way